Think Big, Be Creative!
(여러 그림이 전시되어 있는 미술관의 모습)
There are beautiful pictures.
But some parts are missing.
Please find the missing parts and complete the pictures.
(퍼즐 부분이 비어있는 클로드 모네의  그림)
Claude Monet painted this picture.
What do you see in this picture?
I see a bridge and a beautiful pond.
(퍼즐 부분이 비어있는 이중섭의  그림)
Lee Jung Seob painted this picture.
What do you see in this picture?
I see a big eye.
(퍼즐 부분이 비어있는 조르주 쇠라의  그림)
Georges Seurat painted this picture.
The title is "A Sunday Afternoon
on the Island of La Grande Jatte."
What do you see in this picture?
I see many people.
They're enjoying a picnic by a lake.
What do you see in these pictures?